# EnphaseOpenAPI.Monitoring.Model.GetSystemSummaryResponse

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**SystemId** | **int** | Unique numeric ID of the system. | [optional] 
**CurrentPower** | **int** | Current power production of the system in Watts. | [optional] 
**EnergyLifetime** | **int** | Energy generated by the system during its lifetime in Wh. | [optional] 
**EnergyToday** | **int** | Energy generated by the system today in Wh. | [optional] 
**LastIntervalEndAt** | **long** | Last known time that the system produced energy. When a system has not been communicating for a length of time, the last_report_at can be recent, whereas the last_interval_end_at may be further back. | [optional] 
**LastReportAt** | **long** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which the system&#39;s Envoy last submitted a report. | [optional] 
**Modules** | **int** | Total number of modules in the system. | [optional] 
**OperationalAt** | **long** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which this system became operational. Corresponds to the system&#39;s interconnect time, if one is specified. Otherwise, it is the system&#39;s first reported interval end time. | [optional] 
**SizeW** | **int** | System size in watts. | [optional] 
**Source** | **string** | Source of energy measurement. | [optional] 
**Status** | **SystemStatusEnum** |  | [optional] 
**SummaryDate** | **DateTimeOffset** | Summary date. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

