# EnphaseOpenAPI.Monitoring.Model.System

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**SystemId** | **int** | Unique numeric ID of the system. | [optional] 
**Name** | **string** | Name of the system. | [optional] 
**PublicName** | **string** | Name displayed on the public system page. Available values are All, Residential System, Commercial etc. Default&#x3D;&#39;Residential System&#39;. Only for systems that allow public access. | [optional] 
**Timezone** | **string** | Timezone to which the system belongs. | [optional] 
**Address** | [**SystemAddress**](SystemAddress.md) |  | [optional] 
**ConnectionType** | **SystemConnectionTypeEnum** |  | [optional] 
**EnergyLifetime** | **int** | Energy generated by the system during its lifetime in Wh. It is returned only if the count is less than or equal to 100. | [optional] 
**EnergyToday** | **int** | Energy generated by the system today in Wh. It is returned only if the count is less than or equal to 100. | [optional] 
**SystemSize** | **float** | Size of the system. It is returned only if the count is less than or equal to 100. | [optional] 
**Status** | **SystemStatusEnum** |  | [optional] 
**LastReportAt** | **long** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which the system&#39;s Envoy last submitted a report. | [optional] 
**LastEnergyAt** | **long** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which the system&#39;s produced energy was last reported. Even if the last produced energy is 0, its timestamp will be returned. | [optional] 
**OperationalAt** | **long** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which this system became operational. Corresponds to the system&#39;s interconnect time, if one is specified. Otherwise, it is the system&#39;s first reported interval end time. | [optional] 
**AttachmentType** | **SystemAttachmentTypeEnum** |  | [optional] 
**InterconnectDate** | **DateTimeOffset** | Date on which the system was approved to connect to the grid. | [optional] 
**Reference** | **string** | If the calling user belongs to a company and that company has provided its own identifier for a system, that ID is included here. Otherwise, this attribute is not returned. | [optional] 
**OtherReferences** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | If any other companies have provided their own identifiers for a system, those identifiers are included here. Otherwise, this attribute is not returned. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

