# SystemDetails

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**SystemId** | Pointer to **int32** | Unique numeric ID of the system. | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | Name of the system. | [optional] 
**PublicName** | Pointer to **string** | Name displayed on the public system page. Available values are All, Residential System, Commercial etc. Default&#x3D;&#39;Residential System&#39;. Only for systems that allow public access. | [optional] 
**Timezone** | Pointer to **string** | Timezone to which the system belongs. | [optional] 
**Address** | Pointer to [**SystemDetailsAddress**](SystemDetailsAddress.md) |  | [optional] 
**ConnectionType** | Pointer to [**SystemConnectionTypeEnum**](SystemConnectionTypeEnum.md) |  | [optional] 
**EnergyLifetime** | Pointer to **int32** | Energy generated by the system during its lifetime in Wh. It is returned only if the count is less than or equal to 100. | [optional] 
**EnergyToday** | Pointer to **int32** | Energy generated by the system today in Wh. It is returned only if the count is less than or equal to 100. | [optional] 
**SystemSize** | Pointer to **int32** | Size of the system. It is returned only if the count is less than or equal to 100. | [optional] 
**Status** | Pointer to [**SystemStatusEnum**](SystemStatusEnum.md) |  | [optional] 
**LastReportAt** | Pointer to **int64** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which the system&#39;s Envoy last submitted a report. | [optional] 
**LastEnergyAt** | Pointer to **int64** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which the system&#39;s produced energy was last reported. Even if the last produced energy is 0, its timestamp will be returned. | [optional] 
**OperationalAt** | Pointer to **int64** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which this system became operational. Corresponds to the system&#39;s interconnect time, if one is specified. Otherwise, it is the system&#39;s first reported interval end time. | [optional] 
**AttachmentType** | Pointer to [**SystemAttachmentTypeEnum**](SystemAttachmentTypeEnum.md) |  | [optional] 
**InterconnectDate** | Pointer to **string** | Date on which the system was approved to connect to the grid. | [optional] 
**Reference** | Pointer to **string** | If the calling user belongs to a company and that company has provided its own identifier for a system, that ID is included here. Otherwise, this attribute is not returned. | [optional] 
**OtherReferences** | Pointer to **[]string** | If any other companies have provided their own identifiers for a system, those identifiers are included here. Otherwise, this attribute is not returned. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewSystemDetails

`func NewSystemDetails() *SystemDetails`

NewSystemDetails instantiates a new SystemDetails object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewSystemDetailsWithDefaults

`func NewSystemDetailsWithDefaults() *SystemDetails`

NewSystemDetailsWithDefaults instantiates a new SystemDetails object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetSystemId

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetSystemId() int32`

GetSystemId returns the SystemId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSystemIdOk

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetSystemIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetSystemIdOk returns a tuple with the SystemId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSystemId

`func (o *SystemDetails) SetSystemId(v int32)`

SetSystemId sets SystemId field to given value.

### HasSystemId

`func (o *SystemDetails) HasSystemId() bool`

HasSystemId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *SystemDetails) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *SystemDetails) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPublicName

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetPublicName() string`

GetPublicName returns the PublicName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPublicNameOk

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetPublicNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPublicNameOk returns a tuple with the PublicName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPublicName

`func (o *SystemDetails) SetPublicName(v string)`

SetPublicName sets PublicName field to given value.

### HasPublicName

`func (o *SystemDetails) HasPublicName() bool`

HasPublicName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTimezone

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetTimezone() string`

GetTimezone returns the Timezone field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTimezoneOk

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetTimezoneOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTimezoneOk returns a tuple with the Timezone field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTimezone

`func (o *SystemDetails) SetTimezone(v string)`

SetTimezone sets Timezone field to given value.

### HasTimezone

`func (o *SystemDetails) HasTimezone() bool`

HasTimezone returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAddress

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetAddress() SystemDetailsAddress`

GetAddress returns the Address field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAddressOk

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetAddressOk() (*SystemDetailsAddress, bool)`

GetAddressOk returns a tuple with the Address field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAddress

`func (o *SystemDetails) SetAddress(v SystemDetailsAddress)`

SetAddress sets Address field to given value.

### HasAddress

`func (o *SystemDetails) HasAddress() bool`

HasAddress returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetConnectionType

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetConnectionType() SystemConnectionTypeEnum`

GetConnectionType returns the ConnectionType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetConnectionTypeOk

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetConnectionTypeOk() (*SystemConnectionTypeEnum, bool)`

GetConnectionTypeOk returns a tuple with the ConnectionType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetConnectionType

`func (o *SystemDetails) SetConnectionType(v SystemConnectionTypeEnum)`

SetConnectionType sets ConnectionType field to given value.

### HasConnectionType

`func (o *SystemDetails) HasConnectionType() bool`

HasConnectionType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEnergyLifetime

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetEnergyLifetime() int32`

GetEnergyLifetime returns the EnergyLifetime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEnergyLifetimeOk

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetEnergyLifetimeOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetEnergyLifetimeOk returns a tuple with the EnergyLifetime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEnergyLifetime

`func (o *SystemDetails) SetEnergyLifetime(v int32)`

SetEnergyLifetime sets EnergyLifetime field to given value.

### HasEnergyLifetime

`func (o *SystemDetails) HasEnergyLifetime() bool`

HasEnergyLifetime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEnergyToday

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetEnergyToday() int32`

GetEnergyToday returns the EnergyToday field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEnergyTodayOk

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetEnergyTodayOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetEnergyTodayOk returns a tuple with the EnergyToday field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEnergyToday

`func (o *SystemDetails) SetEnergyToday(v int32)`

SetEnergyToday sets EnergyToday field to given value.

### HasEnergyToday

`func (o *SystemDetails) HasEnergyToday() bool`

HasEnergyToday returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSystemSize

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetSystemSize() int32`

GetSystemSize returns the SystemSize field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSystemSizeOk

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetSystemSizeOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetSystemSizeOk returns a tuple with the SystemSize field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSystemSize

`func (o *SystemDetails) SetSystemSize(v int32)`

SetSystemSize sets SystemSize field to given value.

### HasSystemSize

`func (o *SystemDetails) HasSystemSize() bool`

HasSystemSize returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStatus

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetStatus() SystemStatusEnum`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetStatusOk() (*SystemStatusEnum, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *SystemDetails) SetStatus(v SystemStatusEnum)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.

### HasStatus

`func (o *SystemDetails) HasStatus() bool`

HasStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLastReportAt

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetLastReportAt() int64`

GetLastReportAt returns the LastReportAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLastReportAtOk

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetLastReportAtOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetLastReportAtOk returns a tuple with the LastReportAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLastReportAt

`func (o *SystemDetails) SetLastReportAt(v int64)`

SetLastReportAt sets LastReportAt field to given value.

### HasLastReportAt

`func (o *SystemDetails) HasLastReportAt() bool`

HasLastReportAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLastEnergyAt

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetLastEnergyAt() int64`

GetLastEnergyAt returns the LastEnergyAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLastEnergyAtOk

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetLastEnergyAtOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetLastEnergyAtOk returns a tuple with the LastEnergyAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLastEnergyAt

`func (o *SystemDetails) SetLastEnergyAt(v int64)`

SetLastEnergyAt sets LastEnergyAt field to given value.

### HasLastEnergyAt

`func (o *SystemDetails) HasLastEnergyAt() bool`

HasLastEnergyAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOperationalAt

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetOperationalAt() int64`

GetOperationalAt returns the OperationalAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOperationalAtOk

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetOperationalAtOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetOperationalAtOk returns a tuple with the OperationalAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOperationalAt

`func (o *SystemDetails) SetOperationalAt(v int64)`

SetOperationalAt sets OperationalAt field to given value.

### HasOperationalAt

`func (o *SystemDetails) HasOperationalAt() bool`

HasOperationalAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAttachmentType

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetAttachmentType() SystemAttachmentTypeEnum`

GetAttachmentType returns the AttachmentType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAttachmentTypeOk

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetAttachmentTypeOk() (*SystemAttachmentTypeEnum, bool)`

GetAttachmentTypeOk returns a tuple with the AttachmentType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAttachmentType

`func (o *SystemDetails) SetAttachmentType(v SystemAttachmentTypeEnum)`

SetAttachmentType sets AttachmentType field to given value.

### HasAttachmentType

`func (o *SystemDetails) HasAttachmentType() bool`

HasAttachmentType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInterconnectDate

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetInterconnectDate() string`

GetInterconnectDate returns the InterconnectDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInterconnectDateOk

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetInterconnectDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInterconnectDateOk returns a tuple with the InterconnectDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInterconnectDate

`func (o *SystemDetails) SetInterconnectDate(v string)`

SetInterconnectDate sets InterconnectDate field to given value.

### HasInterconnectDate

`func (o *SystemDetails) HasInterconnectDate() bool`

HasInterconnectDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReference

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetReference() string`

GetReference returns the Reference field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReferenceOk

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetReferenceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetReferenceOk returns a tuple with the Reference field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReference

`func (o *SystemDetails) SetReference(v string)`

SetReference sets Reference field to given value.

### HasReference

`func (o *SystemDetails) HasReference() bool`

HasReference returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOtherReferences

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetOtherReferences() []string`

GetOtherReferences returns the OtherReferences field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOtherReferencesOk

`func (o *SystemDetails) GetOtherReferencesOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetOtherReferencesOk returns a tuple with the OtherReferences field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOtherReferences

`func (o *SystemDetails) SetOtherReferences(v []string)`

SetOtherReferences sets OtherReferences field to given value.

### HasOtherReferences

`func (o *SystemDetails) HasOtherReferences() bool`

HasOtherReferences returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


