# TheEnphaseMonitoringApi.SystemDetails

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**systemId** | **Number** | Unique numeric ID of the system. | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | Name of the system. | [optional] 
**publicName** | **String** | Name displayed on the public system page. Available values are All, Residential System, Commercial etc. Default&#x3D;&#39;Residential System&#39;. Only for systems that allow public access. | [optional] 
**timezone** | **String** | Timezone to which the system belongs. | [optional] 
**address** | [**SystemDetailsAddress**](SystemDetailsAddress.md) |  | [optional] 
**connectionType** | [**SystemConnectionTypeEnum**](SystemConnectionTypeEnum.md) |  | [optional] 
**energyLifetime** | **Number** | Energy generated by the system during its lifetime in Wh. It is returned only if the count is less than or equal to 100. | [optional] 
**energyToday** | **Number** | Energy generated by the system today in Wh. It is returned only if the count is less than or equal to 100. | [optional] 
**systemSize** | **Number** | Size of the system. It is returned only if the count is less than or equal to 100. | [optional] 
**status** | [**SystemStatusEnum**](SystemStatusEnum.md) |  | [optional] 
**lastReportAt** | **Number** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which the system&#39;s Envoy last submitted a report. | [optional] 
**lastEnergyAt** | **Number** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which the system&#39;s produced energy was last reported. Even if the last produced energy is 0, its timestamp will be returned. | [optional] 
**operationalAt** | **Number** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which this system became operational. Corresponds to the system&#39;s interconnect time, if one is specified. Otherwise, it is the system&#39;s first reported interval end time. | [optional] 
**attachmentType** | [**SystemAttachmentTypeEnum**](SystemAttachmentTypeEnum.md) |  | [optional] 
**interconnectDate** | **Date** | Date on which the system was approved to connect to the grid. | [optional] 
**reference** | **String** | If the calling user belongs to a company and that company has provided its own identifier for a system, that ID is included here. Otherwise, this attribute is not returned. | [optional] 
**otherReferences** | **[String]** | If any other companies have provided their own identifiers for a system, those identifiers are included here. Otherwise, this attribute is not returned. | [optional] 


