# # GetSystemSummaryResponse

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**system_id** | **int** | Unique numeric ID of the system. | [optional]
**current_power** | **int** | Current power production of the system in Watts. | [optional]
**energy_lifetime** | **int** | Energy generated by the system during its lifetime in Wh. | [optional]
**energy_today** | **int** | Energy generated by the system today in Wh. | [optional]
**last_interval_end_at** | **int** | Last known time that the system produced energy. When a system has not been communicating for a length of time, the last_report_at can be recent, whereas the last_interval_end_at may be further back. | [optional]
**last_report_at** | **int** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which the system&#39;s Envoy last submitted a report. | [optional]
**modules** | **int** | Total number of modules in the system. | [optional]
**operational_at** | **int** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which this system became operational. Corresponds to the system&#39;s interconnect time, if one is specified. Otherwise, it is the system&#39;s first reported interval end time. | [optional]
**size_w** | **int** | System size in watts. | [optional]
**source** | **string** | Source of energy measurement. | [optional]
**status** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\SystemStatusEnum**](SystemStatusEnum.md) |  | [optional]
**summary_date** | **\DateTime** | Summary date. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
