# # System

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**system_id** | **int** | Unique numeric ID of the system. | [optional]
**name** | **string** | Name of the system. | [optional]
**public_name** | **string** | Name displayed on the public system page. Available values are All, Residential System, Commercial etc. Default&#x3D;&#39;Residential System&#39;. Only for systems that allow public access. | [optional]
**timezone** | **string** | Timezone to which the system belongs. | [optional]
**address** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\SystemAddress**](SystemAddress.md) |  | [optional]
**connection_type** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\SystemConnectionTypeEnum**](SystemConnectionTypeEnum.md) |  | [optional]
**energy_lifetime** | **int** | Energy generated by the system during its lifetime in Wh. It is returned only if the count is less than or equal to 100. | [optional]
**energy_today** | **int** | Energy generated by the system today in Wh. It is returned only if the count is less than or equal to 100. | [optional]
**system_size** | **float** | Size of the system. It is returned only if the count is less than or equal to 100. | [optional]
**status** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\SystemStatusEnum**](SystemStatusEnum.md) |  | [optional]
**last_report_at** | **int** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which the system&#39;s Envoy last submitted a report. | [optional]
**last_energy_at** | **int** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which the system&#39;s produced energy was last reported. Even if the last produced energy is 0, its timestamp will be returned. | [optional]
**operational_at** | **int** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which this system became operational. Corresponds to the system&#39;s interconnect time, if one is specified. Otherwise, it is the system&#39;s first reported interval end time. | [optional]
**attachment_type** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\SystemAttachmentTypeEnum**](SystemAttachmentTypeEnum.md) |  | [optional]
**interconnect_date** | **\DateTime** | Date on which the system was approved to connect to the grid. | [optional]
**reference** | **string** | If the calling user belongs to a company and that company has provided its own identifier for a system, that ID is included here. Otherwise, this attribute is not returned. | [optional]
**other_references** | **string[]** | If any other companies have provided their own identifiers for a system, those identifiers are included here. Otherwise, this attribute is not returned. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
